# C Plus Poker (C++ Poker)

## Introduction

This is a C++ console application that simulates the scoring of a Poker game. Unlike typical Poker, this application allows for any number of players and numbers of cards other than 5. It was developed in Visual Studio Code with the [C/C++ extension for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.cpptools). I used MSYS2 for Windows to provide Mingw-w64, which provides things like g++ and gdb for building and debugging. This repository also contains my **.vscode** folder, which contains my build and debugging instructions. My path for Mingw-w64 is located at **"C:\\msys64\\mingw64\\bin"**, but this can be changed.

For detailed instructions on how to copy my development setting, you can refer to [VS Code's documentation on using GCC with MinGW](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/config-mingw).

## Deliverables

This repository contains two executables, **"poker.exe"** and **"testing\\handsmaker.exe"**, which are the main program and the test file generator, respectively. These executables can be run in any Windows command prompt with the following command.
```
.\poker.exe [-optional flags]
```
or
```
.\handsmaker.exe
```

## Testing

To very quickly test large amounts of sample data, I wrote a seperate program **"testing\\handsmaker.exe"**, which generates hands and creates a random **"hands.txt"** file. These files can then be used for testing with the main program to observe and note any inconsistencies.

## Running

As mentioned earlier, the program can be run with optional flags. The usage is as follows:
| Flag         | Params    | Effect     |
|--------------|-----------|------------|
| -h           |           | Displays usage information and any optional flags.        |
| -d           | [dir]     | Used to specify the path to file \"hands.txt\". Otherwise, uses default file in root directory.        |
| -p           |           | Prints out full output of game, including each player's hand and hand ranking.        |
| -t           |           | Prints out ties in winners list.        |

Here are some examples:
```
.\poker.exe -p -d testing\hands.txt
```
This runs the program with game print out, no ties shown, and specifies the test file generated by **"testing\\handsmaker.exe"** as the target file.
```
.\poker.exe -t
```
This runs the program with only the winners list, ties shown, and uses the default file.
```
.\poker.exe -h
```
This shows the usage in the console and terminates.

## Conclusion

This concludes the overview of C Plus Poker.

Start time: ‎Tuesday, ‎October ‎19, ‎2021, ‏‎6:46:56 PM EST

Stop time: Wednesday, October 20, 2021, 6:34:05 PM EST